
ManOpen v2.5.2 by Jan Weiß, September 2010
Previously maintained and written by Carl Lindberg

	Please use github for any comments, suggestions or bug reports:
	http://github.com/JanX2/ManOpen/issues

	This program is provided ``AS IS'' and without any warranty.


	ManOpen is a graphical interface for viewing Unix manual pages,
which are the standard documentation for Unix command line programs,
programmer libraries, and other system information.  It can open files
directly or be given titles, in which case it will display the output
from the "man" command-line program.  An apropos interface is also
provided, which is basically a quick-and-dirty search of the man page
databases.  Services are provided to other applications to open selected
files/titles or do apropos searches using the selected text.

	Version 2.5.2 changes:

    - Universal build (including 64-bit).
    - Improved Service names: they are now more easily identifiable 
      on Mac OS X 10.6. 
    - You can open files with 1, 2, 3, 4, ... , 9 file extensions as 
      man pages again.

	ManOpen can be useful for opening a man page without dropping
down to the command line, browsing and searching through long and
complex man pages, or simply for printing them out.

	Also included is an "openman" command line tool, which is similar
to "man" except it will display the man pages in ManOpen.app instead
of directly to the terminal.

	ManOpen should run on MacOS X 10.5+.  Source code is available on 
github.  To install the app, put ManOpen.app anywhere you like.  You may
have to log out and back in to have the services work.

    To install the "openman" tool, put it in one of the directories in
the Unix $PATH, such as /usr/local/bin.  Put its "openman.1" man page
in a standard man page directory, such as /usr/local/man/man1.


	For those who remember, there was a ManOpen 1.0 application
by Harald Schlangmann that ran on NEXTSTEP computers.  This is a much
updated version that adds many features.  Thanks are due to
Mr. Schlangmann for the inspiration, and his internal cat2rtf tool
which is also used in this version.

	Hope you find this useful,
	
	-Jan Weiß
	github@geheimwerk.de

